
- Ula: check the possibility of fixing a view's position and blocking drag-and-drop

It is actually done in spike-solution: Query View is stuck in place and cannot be moved.

- Dawid: consult the U/I proposal with Staszek.

Consulted. Staszek pointed out the following things (please add them to the requirements spec. in the thesis, Ula):

    a) It would be very handy, especially for tuning purposes, to have embedded tabs (views) inside the editor. We (Ula, Dawid)
    thought these tabs could show: a list of documents (filtered by the current cluster, for example), a visualization of 
    clusters, a view of debugging information. Staszek points out that tabs could be compound views reusing the view's UI components, for 
    example a tab displaying a split pane with clusters and documents in the same editor. This is _in addition_ to regular 
    views, not to replace them. The goal is to be able to open two editors (two queries) and display their clusters, documents
    and whatever else an editor tab can show at the same time.

    Ula: Would something like splitting the editor area be enought for that 
    (if I understand correctly, what yu want)? See editor-split.tif in concepts.

	Staszek: not quite -- imagine a scenario where you are trying to compare
	clusters generated for the same data but different parameter settings. You
	could put editors showing clusters side by side, but if parameters are
	only available as a view, you wouldn't be able to see the params for both
	clusterings. Hence, apart from the usual splitting of editor area (used to
	put two editors side by side), we'd need a composite view inside each 
	of the editors showing, e.g. clusters + document or clusters + params
	(these are the two most useful combinations. See editors-split-side-by-side.png
	for an example.

    b) The fixed query input dialog ('fixed view' above) doesn't have to be fixed after all. If you look at slide 4 from:
    2007-04-16-meeting-1.pdf, the ``input'' view is vertically laid out and placed in the left-upper corner. This does make sense as it
    allows us to extend the input view with more switches, should they be needed. Makes sense.

- Dawid: prepare a functional version of the b3.0 architecture.

    We are working on this, really ;)
